DOC-1987: Added TINY-9756 to the release notes. (#2739)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templatess** 1.2.0 includes one improvement:

> === The plugin's UI has been enhanced to provide controls only for a preconfigured set of operations.
> //#TINY-9756
> 
> The latest update to the Advanced Templates plugin introduces an enhanced user interface (UI) that offers controls exclusively tailored for a predefined range of operations. This upgrade streamlines the user experience by presenting only the necessary options relevant to the specific tasks at hand.
> 
> [NOTE]
> Read more about the enhanced user interface (UI) configuration for the `advtemplate_templates` option xref:ROOT:advtemplate_templates.adoc[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Advanced Templatess** 1.2.0 includes one improvement:

=== The Advanced Template UI now provides controls for a preconfigured operations set.
//#TINY-9756

This Advanced Templates plugin update introduces a user interface that offers controls tailored for a predefined range of operations. This simplifies the user experience by only presenting the options relevant to the tasks at hand.

For information on the **Advanced Templatess** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].
```
Copy edits.

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

> === Advanced Templates 1.2.0
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Templatess** 1.2.0 includes one improvement:
> 
> **Advanced Templatess** 1.2.0 includes one improvement:
> 
> === The Advanced Template UI now provides controls for a preconfigured operations set.
> //#TINY-9756
> 
> This Advanced Templates plugin update introduces a user interface that offers controls tailored for a predefined range of operations. This simplifies the user experience by only presenting the options relevant to the tasks at hand.
> 
> For information on the **Advanced Templatess** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templatess** 1.2.0 includes one improvement:

=== The Advanced Template UI now provides controls for a preconfigured operations set.
//#TINY-9756

This **Advanced Templates** plugin update introduces a user interface that offers controls tailored for a predefined range of operations. This simplifies the user experience by only presenting the options relevant to the tasks at hand.

For information on the **Advanced Templatess** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].
```

1. Removed duplicate line.
2. Copy-edit.
